You've also joined that stream,
got to interact one of the greatest athletes of all time, birth pressure.
What's your he's actually doing,
I don't know if you're paying attention to this,
but I guess he has a goal of running 2000 miles this year. Yeah. I don't,
I've uh, gotten a chance to talk to Joe Rogan, uh, yesterday about this,
which is, uh, fascinating. He,
I think he's a little bit doubtful of Albert's ability to be the ultra
performer that, uh, he so naturally is. Yeah. Um,
what's your thoughts about Burt as a runner? What's your advice to him?
And what was your interaction like as part of this treadmill challenge with him?
I.
Love Burt because he's such a nice person. I mean,
as a guy who's just accelerated in popularity over the last few years,
like he is like super kind. So for folks who are curious,
like I I've met Burt a couple years earlier and I just randomly asked him like,
Hey, I'm doing this livestream thing.
We're doing it for fight for the forgotten.
We're trying to raise some funds for them.
Would you wanna come on the livestream for a bit?
And I thought be he'd come off for like five or 10 minutes. And I thought,
that'd be amazing if he did that. He ended up coming on for like over an hour.
He said he went past his slot,
sat in the next slot and just started talking with some of the other guests.
<laugh>, it's just, he's just a Burt is definitely like,
I feel like he's as unchanged from like his popularity as one can get away with
mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's just like his,
his lifestyle I think is very UN unpredictable in the
sense that like, if he wants to run like X time for a specific race,
that's gonna pull away from his lifestyle so much to focus on that.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> luckily for him, he's actually a great athlete.
Like you it's it's under that layer of, uh, of fact.
Yeah. So people who are not familiar,
bur KRE is a comedian who takes off his shirt often has, has a, uh,
uh, elegant layer of fat around him. He's also a party animal.
So he's a weird balance of like healthy and unhealthy. Yeah.
So he drinks a lot during, I think there's some debate about that,
but certainly after his, uh, his performances,
but at the same time he is into kind of the running thing mm-hmm <affirmative>
and he does quite a bit of treadmill running. I think so. And like I said,
has this challenge of running 2000 miles this year.
So it's fascinating to have somebody who so fully embraces life and the
full joys of life as represe by the huge amounts of drinking and partying
and just being a wild man. But also at the same time,
like being at least curious about this,
challenging yourself in the physical realm, it's kind of fascinating.
It reminds me of, um, one of my favorite comedians,
like Eddie Isard mm-hmm <affirmative> who has been doing those challenges.
Oh yeah. Sickly off the couch, just running a, um,
a marathon a day kind of thing.
It's fascinating to see the purity of those challenges
when like exercise hasn't necessarily been deeply ingrain ingrained
in your life and you kind of just embrace the challenge anyway and take it on.
And that's another way of looking at it.
Cause we've been talking about running as a, a,
a performance like optimization thing where training is such a huge part of
this process.
Like Grace Day is just to cherry on top there's for some people where the race
is the cake. Yeah. It's like they just take it on as a pure challenge as the,
as the, as the thing you haven't really trained for as the thing you haven't,
you don't understand the intricacies of, but you take it on anyway. And that,
that reveals something about the human spirit as well.
Yeah. And there's definitely like a switch that flips when you,
in your mind and decide I'm gonna do this. Yeah.
Where then all of a sudden it goes from like you stop thinking about, oh,
that's not possible to be like, well, I'm just gonna do it.
And I think Burt highlights that perfectly in a lot of cases where like, he's,
he's maybe not even thinking it through enough to get to the point where it's
like,
he gets the point where he thinks this is not possible where most people would
look at it and think, huh,
I don't know if I can actually physically accomplish the at task.
Bert's just like, oh yeah, I'm gonna do it. And my,
my thing thought with Bert was the 2000 mile thing. Is,
are we gonna find him at the end of the year with like 36 hours to go on a
hundred miles? And he that's right.
That's right. That's what's gonna happen. And it's going to be hilarious.